What are the references with noonan syndrome and polycystic renal disease
Gluten information. Re:NDC# 0115-0672-50 Zolmitriptan tabkets 5mg. I have celiac disease &amp; need to know if these contain gluten, Thank you!
amphetamine salts 20 mg. are they gluten free
vdrl positive. vdrl positive patients please tell me what are he doing . Diagnosis and precaution.
how much glucagon. How much glucose is in my GlucaGen HypoKit ? Just curious, I know that there is enough because I have used it. Thank you very much
ANESTHESIA EFFECT ON FXTAS PERSONS. Does Anesthesia given during a operation severely hurt, or damage a brain for FXTAS patient? The operation would be for hip replacement! Thank you very much
DVT. Can a birth control called Ocella cause DVT? My daughter experiences pains cramping,redness and swelling in her thigh and also really bad huge blood clots during her menstrual cycles after she was prescribed Osella for birth control. Also these syntoms worsened after she gave birth. This has been happening for a year now should she see discuss this with her doctor right away?
medication question. I have had a bad UTI for 3 months I have taken cipro 7 times uti returns days after I oomplete I need a new prescription but the doctors here can figure out what to give me as I am allergic to penicillin and allergic to dairy products wich is a filler in many drugs. Please please give me some idea of what I can get my dr; to prescribe
can a streptococcus infection cause an invasive disease like wegeners or the symptoms of wegeners?
Diabetes and pain control. How can I narrow my search to find information regarding pain(joint) medication suitable to use with a person who has diabetes type 2.
Macular Degeneration. I am a non-smoker , retired military veteran who was subjected to working conditions where the majority of fellow workers were smokers. Could or does second hand smoke contribute or is a cause for getting Early AMD. I was diagnosed with early AMD in 1982 when ventilation of work spaces was nearly non existent. My genetic profile does not include any previous conditions except that I am Caucasian.
molar pregnancy. is conception a requirement of a molar pregnancy. if so, when ?
symptoms and diagnosis. My son is being tested now to see if he has hnpp and after reading about the disease, it occurred to me that all my trouble with my hands could have been this and not arthritis. I have had both hands operated on several times, with some success, but continue with swelling in my hands and feet/ankles and soreness and stiffness. Would it be easy to think a patient has arthritis?
Yes my wife has been dianosed with giant cell vasculitis Our doctors are not clear about this so im asking for help From you . She has vomited something like coffee grounds and swelling in her feet and legs is really bad.migranes and face swelling to.no blood clots but nothing to go on so please help if u can thank u [NAME] [CONTACT]
can’t find an answer. I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia with chronic pain along with some other things and my blood work showed that I was missing a chromosone. How would I find out if I have a genetic for of Fibromyalgia?
cant use site. I want to find a doctor who specializes in burning mouth syndrome and that could be in many specialities, I cannot understand how to do this on your website.
estradiol 75g patch. Can I stop using the patch only been on it 4.5 months
Ear Wax. I sometimes drop Peroxide into the ear and let it bubble for a couple of minutes, then use warm water to flush it out. is there harm?
Sevoflurane. I work in a hospital, and a question recently came up regarding the stability of Sevoflurane once it has been opened. Does Sevoflurane expire within a particular timeframe or is the product still effective until the expiration date listed on the bottle?
ODD. Would like to learn more about condition on ODD
Beckwith-Wieddeman Syndrome. I would like to request further knowledge on this specific disorder.
CITROBACTOR FREUNDII. Does ciprofaxin work well? Is there a better drug if so what.
Hi I have a toddler 22 months and he was long exposure to car seat when he was infant and developed a flat head by then that was resolved, but since then he seems like his back is not well, he only sleep on his tummy, he hates to lay down on his back , he has a bad sitting position when on his car seat and other thing, I was wondering if he may need an evaluation to avoid further damage to his back, please let me know what kinf of doctor should I see, cause his pedi. Dr. Does not has any concerns about it. Thanks.
Ear Ache. My son was treated for otitis media on [DATE]. Pains started the previous night. He is taking amoxicillin and antipyrine-benzocaine 5.5%-1.5% ear drops. This morning he woke up with a bit of blood drainage. Is that normal?
reaction to these 2 drugs. I would like to know if there are any drug reaction between Carvedilol 25 mg to Hydrslazine50 mg
mixing medications. Hello, I would like to know if taking Dicyclomine 20mg, phentermine can have a adverse effect?
Dementia. Is dementia genetically passed down or could anyone get it
Is there a "sleep apnea surgery". I’ve heard that there is , but have never found a doctor that does this. My husband has been on C-pap for two years but has not been able to keep it on for more then 2 hours. He is not overweight, has had a stroke at 40 years old and double by-pass at 50 years old. Otherwise he follows doctors orders and has no other problems. Thank you for your time, [NAME]
Diahrrea. I take Loperamide for chronic diahrrea. Then I stop it for about 2 days so I can have a bowel movement. But then the stool is really soft and there were a few times I almost didn’t make to the bathroom. Is there a way for a happy medium
about uveitis. IS THE UVEITIS, AN AUTOIMMUNE DISEASE?
Customer Service Request. How much urine does an average human bladder hold - in ounces?
Amlodipine. I am taking Amlodipine and it has caused my pause rate to be very high. Is there a weaning process when you stop taking Amlodipine and start atenolol? I am taking 5 mg of amlodipine and will be taking 50 mg of atenolol?
Shingles vacine. At what age should you get the Shingles shot. My children are in theur late 30’s, early 40’s, all three had bad cases of chicken pox as children.
very worry and need advise . dear sir i had car accident 2 months a go . other person blood splash one me and i saw a lot of blood on my hand and some on face . not sure about eye . i didn’t wash it immediatly and until 15 minute later then i washed it . am i risk hiv ? thank you .
Swan NDC 0869-0871-43. I found 4 cases of expired (04/2010) Hydrogen Peroxide. How do I safely dispose of this product?
congenital diaphragmatic hernia. what are the causes of congenital diaphragmatic hernia? Can cousin marriage cause this? What kind of lung disease the baby might experience life long?
shingles. need to know about the work place and someone having shingles, especially while handling food.
ClinicalTrials.gov - Question - general information. My question to you is: what is the reason that there is very little attentions is to Antiphosoholipid Syndrome? To find the causes and possibly some type of cure for us who struggle with this auto-immune blood disorder? I guess that since it is female directed (9-1 female to male) that no one important enough has died from APS? Oh, by the way, I’m a 58 year old man!
side efectes to methadone. i jest started taking methadone and have confusion my face itches
methylprednisolole. unable to fine info on the above med
Simvastatin. Why is it recommended that this medicine be taken in the evening? Any harm in taking it in the morning?
Prednisone. My husband has been on Prednisone for almost a year for a Cancer treatment he had. He started at 30mg and stayed on 10mg until a couple weeks ago. The prednisone was causing other side effects. He reduced down to 5mg for a couple days and now has been off the prednisone for a week. How long should we expect this drug to stay in his system. He is really experiencing chills/fever/abdominal pain..are these common when coming off this drug? Is there anything else we should expect?
Does electrical high voltage shock cause swallowing problems in the near future ??
calcitonin salmon nasal spray. I picked up a bottle of above but noted it had NOT been refrigerated for at least the 3 days since Rx was filled. Box and literature state "refrigerate until opened." Pharmacist insisted it was ok "for 30 days" although I said that meant after opening. Cost is $54.08 plus need to know if it will be as effective as should be. Thank you.
Schmorl’s Nodes. I am trying to obtain information on subject matter.
Topic not covered. What exactly is sleep paralysis?
Article on Exercise for Impaired - Overweight - Asthmatics. I just found the site through the article on breathing difficulty. My frustration is, WHAT exercises to do with asthma? Today I walked out of the door of the house to take a walk, a beautiful, cool, blustery, sunny day. Suddenly I couldn’t catch my breath, my upper chest felt ’heavy’, and I had to go back inside and sit down for a while. I’m no exercise weenie, before a couple of bad accidents (car crashes waiting at stop lights!) I used to play softball, volleyball, basketball, even a bit of rugby, I was a dancer and a weight-exerciser, a bicyclist, rollerblader, tree climber. Even today, BP is typically 110-120 over 70-80, heart rate is fine too. Is this just asthma? WHAT exercises can I do, safely? Sure, we ALL get it, exercise is good for us. Just which ones? LOTS of us with asthma would love help here. Thanks.
hi. I can’t find this I take Ambien every night for sleep. I want to no how long before I go to bed am I supposed to take it.
bundle blockage. could you please tell me what a bundle blockage is. what are the symptoms. what is usually done for this? Thank you
I have an infection in gums...dentist prescribed Cephalexin 500mg...Is this ok to take even though I am ALLERGIC TO PENICILLAN?
Arrhthmia. can arrhythmia occurs after ablation? What is the success rate of Ablation? During my Holter test it was found that my Heart rate fluctuates from 254 to 21. How do you rate the situation?
fildena. Hello I was wondering if fildena is truly like Viagra. I’m trying to find an alternative since my insurance no longer will cover Viagra for what ever reason. Would like to know all relavent information regarding fildena. About all I’ve found is that it is not fda approved so any information would be helpful thanks
Nph. I am interested in a movement class. I have nph and can find no help with exercise or support group. Any ideas from [LOCATION] Med?
ClinicalTrials.gov - Question - specific study. Can Low dose naltrexone be used for treatment of severe depression?
How do you catch hepatitis?
Jock Itch. I have Jock itch, and I have read through your symptoms. I wanted know if small lumps under the skin around the scrotum area is a symptoms as well? Should I be concerned?
What are the causes of rib cage pain? And and the remedy
The hantavirus can lead to death?
Is there always elevated temperature associated with appendicitis?
Frequency. My urologist has prescribed Oxybutinin, 5 mg tablets, NOT in the ER version. I understood they were to be taken once a day, but he has prescribed twice. Is this the correct recommended dosage, or should the prescription have been for once a day?
I have a question for your website an it seems to have difficulty answering . I want to know if you take Gabamentine an hydrocodene together what would happen? ; if I take them separately it don’t work.
Drug interactions. is it safe to take diclofenac when taking lisinopril or aleve or extra-strength Tylenol?
patau sydrome/ trisomy 13. i was wondering the condition of trisomy progresses over time (gets worse as they become older) also, how to diognose the disorder thank you!
quinine in seltzer water. Is it ok to drink quinine in seltzer water to ease leg cramps? If so, what would be the correct "dosage"? It has a nasty taste but it does ease leg cramps. Thank you.
Mite Infestation. Please inform me of the recommended treatment and prevention protocol for mite infestation in humans, particularly one that is non-toxic or has minimal side effects.
meds taken with wine at dinnertime. Is it safe to take my meds with wine at dinnertime?
neo oxy. pkease send me the indication and usage info for this powder. NEO-OXY 100/100 MR - neomycin sulfate and oxytetracycline hydrochloride powder
What are the reasons for Hypoglycemia in newborns.. and what steps should a pregnent take to avoid this.
diverticulitis. can diverticulosis or diverticulitis be detected by a cat scan if there is no infection at that time?
CAUSE OF A COLD. i UNDERSTAND CONTAGION AND TRANSFERRENCE OF COLD &quot;GERMS&quot; WHY ARE SOME PEOPLE AFFECTED AND OTHERS NOT?
Janumet XR 50mg/1000mg- 1 daily. Doctor prescribed for type 2 diabetes w/Metformin 500 mg 2 times daily. Pharmacy refused to fill stating overdose of Metformin. Who is right &amp; what is maximum daily dosage of Metformin? Pharmacy is a non-public pharmacy for a major city employer plan provided for employees only.
SSPE. My son is 33years of age and did not have the measles vaccination.Could SSPE occur at this age or in the future?
ClinicalTrials.gov - Question - general information. My granddaughter was born with Klippel-Tranaunay Syndrome...There is very little information about this. We are looking for the current research and treatments available. She is 5 months old now and her leg seems to be most affected. We want to get her help as soon as possible to address the symptoms and treat her condition.
Iron Overdose. Um...i took 25 iron pills...what do i do...this was last night
Inherited Ricketts. Mother has inherited ricketts. Passing A child but not B child. How likely would B child pass it on their child?
Medicare Part B coverage. I suffer with acute fibromyalgia (sp?) and the various drugs my doctor has prescribed for me have little if any effect in helping to control the pain. My doctor has since given me a prescription to have massage therapy which she thought medicare would cover. However, when checking with medicare, it turns out that it does not! Can you suggest any other type of treatment?
Homozygout MTHFR A1298C Health Issues and long term prognosis? What is your position on Homozygout MTHFR A1298C Health Issues and long term prognosis?
Vitamin D intake. Can high doses of Vitamin D (50,000 IUs per week) cause flatulence, among other possible effects? And is such a high dose safe to raise very low levels of Vitamin D in the body?
Shingles. I am looking for information on how to prevent a shingles outbreak.
my father age 65 his always leg pain which use medicine
CVID. I have recently been diagnosed with CVID. As a person with thyroid a thyroid tumor greater than 1 cm. and several thyroid cysys I am concerned about cancer. What are the current stats. The tumor is being monitored by my endocrinologist.
diabete. whats diabete
wellbutrin xl 150. how to taper off
Periodic liver tests for patients on Lipitor. I was told at one point that anyone on Lipitor should have blood screening for liver damage every 6 months. Is this currently still the recommendation? NOTE: Although I am in recovery, I also have a history of alcoholism.
Hi I have heard in order to get benefit of calcium, it should take with Magnesium, is that right ? I bought Calcium Castco ( Kirkland ) brand with D please let me know if is good for me because I am osteoporosis . Please help me . thanks
Testing for EDS. I would like to know if you can point me in the direction of a laboratory in Southern California, Specifically San Bernardino County or LA County or even Riverside County that does genetic testing for EDS or Osteogenesis Imperfecta and do you know if the two diseases are similiar in symptoms? Thank you for you help and time.
Consultation. Hello! I have acute chronic cervicitis caused by tampon use. It took a year and a half of treatment (medicines, cauterization), but the symptoms do not stop inflammation and analyzes not determined that bacteria produce inflammation me. I wonder if, despite not being a sexual cervicitis infection, it can cause infertility. And that’s what makes a tampon that causes inflammation. Thank you very much!
trisomy 7. i am a 32 y/o who has had 4 miscarriages in the past 19 months. Upon my last DNC two weeks ago revealed a genetics study diagnosis of the baby having trisomy 7. could you offer me any information on this? could this have been maternal or paternal? is this something i would be a carrier of? What are the causes? i have tried but haven’t found much information
metformin. Does metformin cause high blood pressure?
aclidinium. is this a steroid? is there a problem using this if there is a possibility of the need for cataract surgery within the next 12 months?
intestines digestion and sbsorption. kindly explain the general effects of smoking or rather the effects of nicotine to digestion and arbsoption
sswollen feet ankles legs I have fibromyalgia. When suffering from fibromyalgia will that cause swollen in your body . The swollen started yesterday
Can cancer spread through blood contact. Sir, after giving an insulin injection to my uncle who is a cancer patient the needle accidentally pined my finger. Is there a problem for me? Plz reply.
Plantar Fasiciitis. Is it true that more likely than not that Plantar fasiciitis could be aggravated by a consistancy of weight bearing activities? Are there other forms of aggravation? if so will you please inform me.
CAN LIPNODES AND OR LIVER CANCER BE DETECTED IN A UPPER GI. CAN LIPNODES AND OR LIVER CANCER BE DETECTED IN A UPPER GI
abscess teeth. Can an abscess teeth cause a heart attack
ischemic syncope stroke diagonses. define?
SPECIFY COMPONENTS. COENZYME Q10(100-mg). WHAT ARE THE COMPONENTS OF THIS MEDICINE? IS IT USEABLE FOR MUSLIMS?
Autoimmune illness. What doctor specializes in testing for and treatment of autoimmune illness?
how does effextor cause ED and what is the mimimum amount that causes ED. I take effexor. Is there a mimimum amount that will not cause ED
NSAIDS as a potential cause of ED. How long has this non prescription drug been implicated in erectile dysfunction?
i want to know more about aeortic stenosis
What can cause white cells ti uprate
Glimepiride Storage &amp; Alloweable Excursion Data. Can you please provide Glimepiride storage &amp; allowable temperature excursion data, specifically for pharmacy and warehouse storage